docs: add full documentation for swagger spec resolver (#1506)
swagger-api/swagger-js: docs/SWAGGER_SPECIFICATION_RESOLVER.md

#### Swagger specification resolver

Resolves [JSON-References](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-pbryan-zyp-json-ref-03) ($ref)
with the values they point to inside Swagger specification. Our API can work with 
either Swagger specification represented as [POJO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plain_old_Java_object)
or as URL that points to the Swagger specification. 

*Note: We'll demonstrate the code examples on objects that doesn't represent Swagger specification, to keep the examples short*

##### POJO usage

```js
import SwaggerClient from 'swagger-client';

const pojoSpec = {
  a: 1,
  b: {
    $ref: '#/a',
  }
};

SwaggerClient.resolve({ spec: pojoSpec }); 
/**
 * Promise({
 *   spec: {
 *      "a": 1,
 *      "b": 1
 *   },
 *   errors: []
 * })
 */
```

##### URL usage

> Provided url will be resolved as Swagger specification. The them algorithm works

Reviewer: Use "definition" instead of "specification. Also typo "the"

 *         "b",
 *         "$ref"
 *       ]
 *     }
 *   ]
 * })
 */
```

##### Alternate API

Along with calling `resolve` statically from a `SwaggerClient` class, resolution can
happen during `SwaggerClient` class instantiation.

**POJO usage**

```js
import SwaggerClient from 'swagger-client';

const pojoSpec = {
  a: 1,
  b: {
    $ref: '#/a',
  }
};

new SwaggerClient({ spec: pojoSpec }).then(swaggerClient => {
  swaggerClient.spec;
  swaggerClient.originalSpec;
  swaggerClient.errors;
});
```

**URL usage**

```js
import SwaggerClient from 'swagger-client';

new SwaggerClient('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/swagger-api/swagger-petstore/master/src/main/resources/openapi.yaml').then(swaggerClient => {
  swaggerClient.spec;
  swaggerClient.errors;
});
```

or 

```js
import SwaggerClient from 'swagger-client';

new SwaggerClient({ url: 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/swagger-api/swagger-petstore/master/src/main/resources/openapi.yaml' }).then(swaggerClient => {
  swaggerClient.spec;
  swaggerClient.errors;
});
```

##### Options

Along with `spec` and `url`, there are other options that controls the resolution
algorithm behavior.

Option | Description 
--- | ---

> `fetch` | `Function=http`. If provided this function will be used as primary HTTP fetch mechanism for resolution. The provided function muse return a `Promise`. Must be compatible with our [Fetch-like interface](https://github.com/lquixada/cross-fetch).

Reviewer: "muse"?

Reviewer 2: "must" ;)

Author: Fixed. THanks!

`parameterMacro` | `Function=null`. If provided, accepts a `parameter` object e.g. `{ name: 'offset', in: 'query' }` and computes a default value. That computed value is then assigned into original `parameter` object under the key `default`; `{ name: 'offset', in: 'query', default: 1 }`
`requestInterceptor` | `Function=identity`. Intercepts and possibly transform a request before it is handled.
`responseInterceptor` | `Function=identity`. Intercepts and possibly transform a response before it is  handled.
`skipNormalization` | `Boolean=false`. Normalization creates unique operationIds when explicit operationIds are duplicates, and preserve originals.
`useCircularStructures` | `Boolean=false`. Prevents circular values from being constructed, unless you specifically want that to happen. If set to `false`, just leave the references unresolved.
`baseDoc` | `String=null`. If provided in the form of `URL`, will be able to resolve circular `JSON-References`.

##### Sub-Tree resolver

> When working with huge JSON Swagger specification, it's often convenient to resolve `JSON-References`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When working with a large JSON Swagger specification, it's often convenient to resolve `JSON-References`
```
